doc: multithread compatible profiler, stib comp arg (#24358)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

1. How many times a function was called.
2. How much time in total a function took (in ms).
3. How much time on average, a call to a function took (in ns).

> 4. Same as 2 but more reliable for multithreaded programs (tcc does not support it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. How much time a function took (in ms), but without the calls inside it.
   It is reliable for multithreaded programs, when tcc is not used.
```

Reviewer: Given this:
```
v -profile profile.txt run examples/hanoi.v
```
I get:
```
#0 21:05:41 ^ master ~/v>cat profile.txt
           127          0.126ms          0.029ms            992ns strings__new_builder
           889          0.279ms          0.107ms            314ns strings__Builder_write_string
           127          0.124ms          0.050ms            975ns strings__Builder_str
           127          0.025ms          0.017ms            193ns strings__Builder_free
           127          0.007ms          0.007ms             57ns array_clear
           889          0.172ms          0.113ms            194ns array_push_many
           127          0.008ms          0.008ms             62ns panic_on_negative_len
           127          0.009ms          0.009ms             68ns panic_on_negative_cap
           127          0.089ms          0.038ms            702ns __new_array_with_default_noscan
           127          0.027ms          0.019ms            211ns array_push_noscan
           127          0.383ms          0.019ms           3016ns println
           127          0.364ms          0.026ms           2868ns _writeln_to_fd
           254          0.338ms          0.338ms           1333ns _write_buf_to_fd
             1          0.019ms          0.019ms          18885ns _v_malloc
           254          0.050ms          0.050ms            197ns malloc_noscan
           127          0.035ms          0.035ms            276ns vcalloc_noscan
           254          0.016ms          0.016ms             62ns _v_free
             1          0.019ms          0.001ms          19463ns memdup
           127          0.031ms          0.018ms            242ns memdup_noscan
             1          0.000ms          0.000ms            343ns gc_set_warn_proc
             1          0.007ms          0.007ms           7090ns builtin_init
          1016          0.067ms          0.067ms             66ns vmemcpy
           127          0.012ms          0.012ms             92ns vmemmove
           127          0.105ms          0.046ms            826ns i64_str
           127          0.010ms          0.010ms             78ns tos
           127          0.009ms          0.009ms             73ns u8_vstring_with_len
           127          0.025ms          0.018ms            201ns string_free
           381          0.328ms          0.088ms            861ns StrIntpData_process_str_intp_data
           127          0.881ms          0.109ms           6935ns str_intp
           127          0.008ms          0.008ms             62ns ArrayFlags_set
             1          1.337ms          0.000ms        1336781ns main__main
           127          1.305ms          0.041ms          10274ns main__move
           127          8.125ms          0.032ms          63980ns main__hanoi
```
i.e. the 4th column is clearly not the same as the 2nd one.

Author: yes sorry I was maybe a bit out of it
